DataStore documentation revamp Part 2/2 (#1903)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/datastore/fragments/android/sync/10-installPlugin.md

### Add the API plugin

> The cloud synchronization uses the [API category](~/lib/graphqlapi/getting-started.md) behind the scenes. Therefore the first step is to configure the API plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataStore's cloud synchronization uses the [API category](~/lib/graphqlapi/getting-started.md) behind the scenes. Therefore, the first step is to add an API plugin.
```

> Make sure you have the plugin dependency in your `build.gradle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you declare a dependency on the API plugin in your app-level `build.gradle`:
```

> TODO: add Android Gradle dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependencies {
    // Add this line.
    implementation 'com.amplifyframework:aws-api:1.0.0'
}
```
